WORLD WIDE WEB GENERAL


1) Q: What are the most essential technologies that made the World Wide Web such a success?
   A: You could write texts from everywhere and switch files!

2) Q: How are resources (html pages, images, etc) addressed in the web?
   A: with an URL

3) Q: What are the general components of a url?
   A: A URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is a specific type of URI (Universal Resource Identifier). A URL normally 
      locates an existing resource on the Internet. A URL is used when a web client makes a request to a server for a resource.


WEB SERVER

1) Q: What is a web server?
   A: A Web server is a program that uses HTTP to serve the files that form Web pages to users, in response to their requests,
      which are forwarded by their computers' HTTP clients.

2) Q: What does the web server do?
   A: For example, to produce the final webpages you see in the browser, the application server might fill an HTML template with contents from a database. Sites like MDN or Wikipedia have many thousands of webpages, but they aren't real HTML documents, 
      only a few HTML templates and a giant database. This setup makes it easier and quicker to maintain and deliver the content.

3) Q: How can content be stored on a web server?
   A: So, you can have what is really a text file that has the html code stored on it. The text file is saved to the server, then when its called to a web browser, it renders in a way that looks good. Or,
      at least looks how the developer wanted it to. Or, at least looks sort of like the developer wants it to.

4) Q: How is content in webpages described?
   A: Web content is dominated by the "page" concept, its beginnings in an academic setting, and in a setting dominated by type-written pages, 
      the idea of the web was to link directly from one academic paper to another academic paper.

WEB CLIENT

1) Q: What is a web client?
   A: A client-tier component may be an application or Web client. A Web client contains two parts: dynamic Web pages and the Web browser. Dynamic Web pages are produced by components that run in the Web tier,
      and a Web browser delivers Web pages received from the server.

2) Q:What does the web client do? 
   A: A web client lets the user request something on the server, and shows the user the result of the request.

3) Q: Web Client and Web Browser is the same?
   A: Web client is the sending and receiving of information where the webserver is storing the information, 
      the web client can be a number of methods of sending and receiving the data

HELLO WORLD

1) Q: What is the html head element?
   A: he <head> element is a container for metadata (data about data) and is placed between the <html> tag and the <body> tag.

2) Q: What does <!DOCTYPE` html> mean?
   A: The <!DOCTYPE> declaration must be the very first thing in your HTML document, before the <html> tag.

3) Q: What are the two top most elements within the html element?
   A: <name type="personal"> && <titleInfo xml:lang="fr" type="translated">

4) Q: How to emphasize a text and how is it displayed in the browser
   A: The text-emphasis CSS property is a shorthand property for setting text
     -emphasis-style and text-emphasis-color in one declaration. This property will apply the 
      specified emphasis mark to each character of the element's text, except separator characters, like spaces,  and control characters.

5) Q: How to mark up important ext and how is it displayed in the browser?
   A: An important point to cover before I start discussing text, though, is that of space, specifically the space between words. When writing HTML, the source document will contain what is termed “white space” — the characters in the file that serve to separate text. An actual space character, as you would get when you hit the Spacebar on the keyboard is the most common,
      but there are others such as the Tab character and the marker between two separate lines in a document (called a carriage return or new line).


